src/markdown/faq.md, before:

---
path: "/faq/"
title: "FAQs"
questions:
- q: What happens during an Indian wedding?
  a: Indian weddings come in many varieties depending on the region, and can range from hours to days. Our condensed 1.5 hour ceremony will be following the traditions of the Tamil Brahmins, and we have laid out a guide for how our wedding ceremony will run in the Ceremony page for those unfamiliar.
- q: What should I wear?
  a: The dress code for our wedding is semi-formal/cocktail American or Indian attire. Those wishing to wear Indian clothing can wear a kurta pajama, salwar kameez, or saree. The ceremony is outdoors on grass so keep that in mind!
- q: What are we going to be eating?
  a: Rest assured there will be an open bar with plenty of wine (made on location), beer, and liquor. Our cocktail hour and dinner will be a buffet-style selection of delicious vegetarian Indian-fusion options.
- q: Are kids welcome?
  a: While we love your children, our wedding is going to be an adults-only event. We appreciate you making arrangements ahead of time, and gladly welcome kiddos to our welcome reception!
- q: Do you have a hotel block for guests?
  a: We’re working on securing a hotel block for our guests, including transportation to and from the wedding.
---

Commit message:

2021 changes to schedule, travel, and faqs

src/markdown/faq.md, after:

---
path: "/faq/"
title: "FAQs"
questions:
- q: What about COVID-19?
  a: Krishanti and I are taking the pandemic seriously. Our ceremony and reception will be held outdoors. We understand that the situation is rapidly changing, and that traveling can still present a risk to some. We're optimistic that by this summer, it will be much safer to gather and celebrate. We'll be tracking CDC guidelines, vaccine distribution, and the comfort level of our guests. We will keep you informed if anything changes, as we want this to be as transparent and flexible as possible.
- q: What happens during an Indian wedding?
  a: Indian weddings come in many varieties depending on the region, and can range from hours to days. Our condensed 1.5 hour ceremony will be following the traditions of the Tamil Hindus, and we have laid out a guide for how our wedding ceremony will run in the Ceremony page for those unfamiliar.
- q: What should I wear?
  a: The dress code for our wedding is semi-formal/cocktail American or Indian attire. Those wishing to wear Indian clothing can wear a kurta pajama, salwar kameez, or saree. The ceremony is outdoors on grass so keep that in mind!
- q: What are we going to be eating?
  a: Rest assured there will be an open bar with plenty of wine (made on location), beer, and liquor. Our cocktail hour and dinner will be a buffet-style selection of delicious vegetarian Indian-fusion options.
- q: Are kids welcome?
  a: While we love your children, our wedding is going to be an adults-only event. We appreciate you making arrangements ahead of time, and gladly welcome kiddos to our welcome reception!
- q: Do you have a hotel block for guests?
  a: Yes we do!
  link: 'https://www.marriott.com/events/start.mi?id=1581619312799&key=GRP'
---
